# MMU
Description of Memory Allocation Algorithms:
First Fit: The first fit strategy looks for the first available memory slot that is large enough to hold the process. As soon as a memory slot with enough space is found, this slot is allocated to the current process. This algorithm could result in a significant amount of external fragmentation and often leads to processes not being allocated. 
Best Fit:  The best fit strategy looks for the memory slot that leaves the least amount of remaining space. This is done by looking through all of the available memory slots, and comparing the space that would be left over after the given process is allocated. This algorithm helps to minimize internal fragmentation. 
Worst Fit: The worst fit strategy does the opposite of the best fit strategy. Worst fit looks through all of the memory slots like best fit, but it looks for the memory slot that would leave the maximum amount of remaining space after the given process is allocated. This algorithm helps to improve resource allocation by creating fragments large enough to fit other processes. 

Examples of Each Memory Allocation Algorithm:
Given Process A with size 200, Process B with size 450, Process C with size 300, Memory Slot 1 with size 450, Memory Slot 2 with size 300 and Memory Slot 3 with size 600… here’s how each algorithm would work. 
First Fit: Process A would immediately go into the first big enough slot (Memory Slot 1). Process B would go into Memory Slot 3 and Process C would go into Memory Slot 2. The results would be that all processes have been allocated, but Memory Slot 1 would have 250 space remaining, Memory Slot 2 would have 0 space remaining, and Memory Slot 3 would have 150 space remaining.  
Best Fit: Process A would best fit into Memory Slot 2. Process B would best fit into Memory Slot 1, and Process C would best fit into Memory Slot 3. The result would be that all processes have been allocated. Memory Slot 1 would have 0 remaining space, Memory Slot 2 would have 100 remaining space, and Memory Slot 3 would have 300 remaining space. 
Worst Fit: Process A would be fit into Memory Slot 3, Process B would be fit into Memory Slot 1 and process C would be fit into Memory Slot 2. The result would be that all processes are allocated and Memory Slot 3 has 400 remaining space available.
Even though all algorithms leave the same amount of space, notice that the Worst Fit algorithm has left us with the largest slot of remaining space with size 400. This allows us enough room for a process of size 400 or smaller to be allocated. This is useful because the other algorithms only had enough remaining space for a process of size 300, 150 or smaller. 
Description of Implementations
The main method of the MMU class begins by reading in the data from Minput.data and making arrays of Process and Memory Slot objects. Each process object has a process size, process ID, and a status to indicate whether or not the process has been allocated. Each memory slot object has a start, end, and a status to indicate whether or not the slot is occupied. These classes also have get and set methods for each variable.

First Fit: The first fit method of the MMU takes the memory slot array and the process array as parameters. For each process in the array, the method looks for the first memory slot in the memory slot array that is large enough to hold the given process. Once a sufficient memory slot is found, the memory slot and process objects are updated, and information is written to the FFOutput data file. 

Best Fit: The best fit method of the MMU takes the memory slot array and the process array as parameters. For each process in the array, the method looks at each memory slot. The method looks for the memory slot that will result in the minimum leftover space after process allocation. The process is then allocated to this memory slot, which results in updating each object and writing to the BFOutput data file.

Worst Fit: The worst fit method of the MMU takes the memory slot array and the process array as parameters. For each process in the array, the method looks at each memory slot. The method looks for the memory slot that will result in the maximum amount of leftover space after process allocation. The process is then allocated to this memory slot, which results in updating each object and writing to the WFOutput data file
